

## Test and Deploy
How to migrate from code to database mysql 8 :

First Setup after clone repository

1. First, change the contents of "ProductManagementDB" in the appsettings.json file according to the instance and user password on MySql. What needs to be adjusted is
    1. Server (is an instance of MySql).
    2. Database (is a database from MySql).
    3. User ID (is the login user on MySql).
    4. Password (is the login password on MySql).
2. If there is a Migration folder, delete all files inside the folder then open the Package Console Manager.
3. Type 'Add-Migration InitialMigration_GeneralSetting -Context GeneralSettingContext', the function of the command above is to add a migration file that will be generated by the Entity Framework.
4. After Done, type 'Update-Database -Context GeneralSettingContext' then press Enter, the function of this command is to run the migration command from code to database.
5. Type 'Add-Migration InitialMigration_Product -Context ProductContext', the function of the command above is to add a migration file that will be generated by the Entity Framework.
6. After Done, type 'Update-Database -Context ProductContext' then press Enter, the function of this command is to run the migration command from code to database.
7. If it's Done and there are no errors, then run the application by clicking the Play button at the top of the editor or pressing the F5 button on the keyboard.

## Name
Product Management

## Description
This is a Backend DataAccess project using .Net Core 8 and Entity Framework and using MySql for Product Management applications
